You can put clearly labeled reports for the different experiment you've run here. These reports tend to be intended for internal use---for yourself and communication with your collaborators. They often contain less information about the methods etc. ---though it's a good idea to add that information since your collaborators often won't remember these important design, procedure, and material details. The reports also often contain additional analyses etc. but be mindful that unconstrained, exploratory analyses can severely inflate the Type I error rate (for a concise demonstration, see Simmons et al., 2011-PsychScience and other papers by the same authors). Structure your reports clearly, so that you can always go back later and assess the degree to which you employed exploratory, ad-hoc, or post-hoc analyses. It is recommended, for example, that those types of analyses are limited to the first experiment within a project (if the project employs novel paradigms), e.g., in order to identify appropriate outlier criteria, levels of data aggregation and approaches to data visualization and analysis. If the paradigm you're using is already established by prior work, even the first experiment does not have to contain such exploratory, Type I-error inflating analyses. Whatever you do, the experiment reports are the first moment where you should keep clear, sufficiently verbose, and accessible notes of which options you considered and how you arrived at your decisions. **If you fail to be transparent in these reports, you will not be able to be transparent in your published write-ups.**

If a report requires additional information to be imported (e.g, graphics or other inputs, it's a good idea to make separate subfolders so that it's really clear which files belong to which .Rmd file). 